Hey, you're awake
Don't worry
Child is ok
So what's going on?
Someone contacted me yesterday and said they wanted to buy it.
My words are still scheduled for the afternoon festival
Galaxy Liantron
Hey, hello.
I had an appointment to design a poster this morning
Is it Miss Shen?
Mr. Wang is waiting for you in Longwan. Please go up, thank you.
Ouch, it's past 8 o'clock before you know it
Miss, we have been chatting for a long time.
Yes, if there is no problem.
Here we go.
or
According to the progress we just discussed
Push down is OK.
Then thank you very much for making a special trip
Okay, then we'll go all out
Design our poster
Okay, all right.
Happy cooperation, happy cooperation, good, good, bye, good.
How did you find it, Mr. Song?
Got it.
The owner of Xingchen Studio is a distant relative of the Xue family